check out the link in the description
for a great place to buy your fifa 13
ultimate team coins hey guys what's
going so be here I looking back to lots
of the mela this is episode 13 of the
series where we are trying to free Erik
Lamela from jail for his match fixing
thank you so much for the support on the
previous episode which was episode 12 if
you did miss it feel free to drop back
to my channel and have a little watch
but that is over 300 likes now and I am
so so grateful for that it's amazing and
we have got two new players we've got
fallen and we have got Phil Jones and
Phil Jones was framed for a robbery and
then fallen did a little bit of
insurance fraud and landed himself in
jail so the way this series is going to
work is in this episode we're gonna play
one game with its inmates team try and
get some bonus money full of mahler try
and impress the warden a little bit
maybe complete one of those objectives
and then we'll play two games with the
fundraising team and see how we can do
if only got four thousand coins let's
get the rain out of jail just over 4,000
and that is getting incredibly close to
the final episode of this series I
reckon this might actually be the
penultimate world but in this game come
get us go try and cut back inside the
box get taken down and the ref gives us
a penalty straight away and we are going
to take this penalty with Erik Lamela
now on the checklist this wasn't
actually an objective to score a penalty
it probably should have been and if you
think I should get some bonus money for
that maybe I might put it on the
checklist but I think we're very close
to the end now so it doesn't really
matter but that go does end up brave
quitting which is actually a huge shame
because it only gives us two hundred and
seventy three coins which is nowhere
near enough what I really wanted cuz it
get is so close to the end of the series
but I didn't really know what to do it
was such a short game but i guess i'll
technically won it we're gonna go into
the toilet that we started in the
previous episode with this fundraising
team and this is the team we're just
trying to build some money up with so we
can freely mail it's a fantastic team i
did do a squad bet on it is so so
powerful and I really really don't want
to lose a game that is why I'm trying so
hard
to win this tool and this guy has got a
very nice team but is not on full
chemistry Fabio Coentrao just plugged in
there and the same with a bartee I don't
know why he's done that mainly probably
for a cheeky little bit of pace but 91
chemistry with a manager hopefully we
can do quite well trying to get some
past ago whip it all the way over
through a valley anken absolutely
amazing bull and it is in the back of
the net to give us that first goal in
the ninth minute and then we carry on
this guy was actually really tough to
beat but we did manage to break it down
here and a fantastic volley from Lake
revving there in the 49th minute and we
do get a little bit lucky here with this
corner falls perfectly to David Luiz i
needa smacks it into the bathroom there
to make it three male and that is how
the game ends 688 coins we are still in
the torment and now it is time for the
final I was really really trying to win
this final because it would mean we get
a huge bonus of two thousand coins to
answer total which means we are then
very very close to freeing the mela out
of jail so I was desperate to win this
tournament really really wants to win
the final and this guy was absolutely
amazing I have to have this guy he was a
fantastic player bottom they're getting
a corner he just wasn't marked at all I
was playing awfully at the start that we
get lucky and we get em equalized with
Felipe Santana those two are ridiculous
at corners and again with a little bit
of luck it just falls back to Charles
N'Zogbia off his heel and he does smack
it in Sabathia in the 56th minute but it
was so end to end we were both attacking
so strongly and my defense is all over
the place I levendusky with an
incredible little shot there in the 62nd
minute to give him the equalizer and
then his dribbling was so difficult
defend it was ridiculous and this is a
little bit lucky I don't like your this
happens but market Royce does end up
putting him in the lead in the 79th
minute and we almost score a little
bicycle kick that would have been
amazing to equalize but we do manage to
put like Remy through and just smack it
in the back yet to equalize in the 87th
minute and it is the final minute of the
game and do we score with dozens over
yesterday this is my reaction this is
all a hat same
that was it I was screaming alone
shouting is it like a little scout cool
with a few mates and I was so bummed I
actually won the tour them two thousand
extra coins in the final that was
absolutely fantastic that means we only
have four hundred and sixty-six coins
left to free Lamela so the next episode
will be the final of locked up lamela
but don't you worry there is a little
surprised a little plot twist that is
going to happen in the next episode so
make sure you do not miss that final
episode of locked up lamella because it
should be really fun but that does wrap
up this episode I really do hope you
have enjoyed this penultimate episode of
locked up Lamela our record is 25 2920
if we can win the next game I reckon we
should have enough coins to free Lorena
and if we can win that game that will
mean we have been completely undefeated
in this series which is amazing and
thank you so much for your support on
this series so far it's been amazing and
make sure you do drop a comment in the
comment section below of who your
football team is and then I can reply to
you guys and get a bit of interaction
going but thank you so much for watching
guys if you have enjoyed this episode
feel free to drop a like it really
really does mean a lot and it definitely
helps me out a load but thank you so
much guys take care have an amazing day
and goodbye